Add guide about content addressing data sets (#2262)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/how-to/content-addressed-folders.md

## DASL: MASL and DRISL

[DASL](https://dasl.ing) (Data Addressed Structures and Links) is a family of specs emerging from the Bluesky/AT Protocol ecosystem that provide content-addressed data structures built on CBOR rather than protobuf.

**[DRISL](https://dasl.ing/drisl.html)** (Deterministic Representation for Interoperable Structures & Links) is a constrained CBOR application profile designed for deterministic serialization:

- Identical data always produces identical bytes (and therefore identical CIDs)
- Native CID support via CBOR Tag 42
- Strict constraints: string-only map keys, no indefinite-length arrays, restricted float representations
- Each CID refers to one complete, discrete CBOR object

**[MASL](https://dasl.ing/masl.html)** is a CBOR-based metadata system built on DRISL, designed for content-addressed and decentralized systems. It operates in two modes:

- **Single mode** (`src`): wraps one resource with metadata (content type, etc.)

> - **Bundle mode** (`resources`): maps file paths to resource CIDs with per-file metadata — essentially a directory representation

Reviewer: Or maybe directory tree representation?

> - **Bundle mode** (`resources`): maps file paths to resource CIDs with per-file metadata — essentially a directory representation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Bundle mode** (`resources`): maps file paths to resource CIDs with per-file metadata — essentially a logical unit representation, i.e. all the paths on a given domain apex (including nested ones)
```
not exactly a directory, can contain many directories included nested ones or none.  more like a map of [pathed] relrefs to resources.
